W-4 Employee’s Withholding Certificate (OMB No. 1545-0074
fom ‘Complete Form W-4 so that your employer can withhold the correct federal income tax from your pay.
ane: Give Fom Wat your employe. 2026
Intemal Revenue Service Your withholding is subject to review by the IRS.
Eaier Does your name match the
Personal ‘name on your social security
i ‘card? If no, to ensure you get
‘contact SSA at 800-773-1213
{go to win. ssa.gov.
(©) C)Single or Married filing separately
C. married fiting jointly o Qualifying surviving spouse
Head of household (Check onl if you're unmarried and pay more than hal the costs of keeping up a home for yourself and a qualifying individual)
Caution: To claim certain eres or deductions on your tax return, you (and/or your spouse if marted filing joint) are requied to have a social security
‘number valid for employment. See page 2 for more information,
TIP: Consider using the estimator at www.irs.gov/W4App to determine the most accurate withholding for the rest of the year if you:
are completing this form after the beginning of the year; expect to work only part of the year; or have changes during the year in your
marital status, number of jobs for you (and/or your spouse if married filing jointly), dependents, other income (not from jobs),
deductions, or credits. Have your most recent pay stub(s) from this year available when using the estimator. At the beginning of next
year, use the estimator again to recheck your withholding.
Complete Steps 2-4 ONLY if they apply to you; otherwise, skip to Step 5. See page 2 for more information on each step, who can
claim exemption from withholding, and when to use the estimator at www.irs.gov/W4App.
Step 2: Complete this step if you (1) hold more than one job at a time, or (2) are married filing jointly and your spouse
Multiple Jobs —_@!S0 Works. The correct amount of withholding depends on income eamed from all of these jobs.
or Spouse Do only one of the following.
Works {a) Use the estimator at www.irs.gov/W4App for the most accurate withholding for this step (and Steps 3-4). If
you or your spouse have self-employment income, use this option; or
(b) Use the Multiple Jobs Worksheet on page 3 and enter the result in Step 4(c) below; or
{c) If there are only two jobs total, you may check this box. Do the same on Form W-4 for the other job. This
option is generally more accurate than Step 2(b) if pay at the lower paying job is more than half of the pay at
the higher paying job. Otherwise, Step 2(b) is more accurate. . . . iG * 5 ae Oo
Complete Steps 3-4(b) on Form W-4 for only ONE of these jobs. Leave those steps blank for the other jobs. (Your withholding will
be most accurate if you complete Steps 3-4(b) on the Form W-4 for the highest paying job.)
Step 3: If your total income will be $200,000 or less ($400,000 or less if
Gian marted ling jointly: ;
Dependent (a) Multiply the number of qualifying children under age 17 by
and Other $220. cdiae Hw ae Pema a GM
Credits (b) Multiply the number of other dependents by$500 . . . [3)/§ |
‘Add the amounts from Steps 3(a) and 3(b), plus the amount for other credits. Enter the
total here s iS
Step 4: (a) Other income (not from jobs). If you want tax withheld for other income you
Other ‘expect this year that won't have withholding, enter the amount of other income here.
Adjustments This may include interest, dividends, and retirement income... . 2... is
(b) Deductions. Use the Deductions Worksheet on page 4 to determine the amount of
deductions you may claim, which will reduce your withholding. (If you skip this line,
your withholding will be based on the standard deduction.) Enter the resulthere . . | 4(b)|S.
(c) Extra withholding. Enter any additional tax you want withheld each pay period .. [acys
Exemptfrom | I claim exemption from withholding for 2026, and | certify that | meet both of the conditions for exemption for
withholding | 2026. See Exemption from withholding on page 2. | understand | will need to submit a new Form W-4 for 2027. C1]
Step 5: Under penalties of perjury, | declare that this certificate, to the best of my knowledge and belie, is true, correct, and complete,
Sign
Here iio
Employee's signature (This form is not valid unless you sign it) Date
Employers | Employer's name and address First date of Employer identification
Only ‘employment number EIN)
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 4. ‘Cat. No. 102200 Form W-4 (2026) Created 12/8/25
